OSDOCS-16950#CQA work for Stor6 - LSO (#115348)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-local-uninstall-operator.adoc

[id="local-storage-uninstall_{context}"]
= Uninstalling the Local Storage Operator

[role="_abstract"]
Safely uninstall the Local Storage Operator (LSO) when local storage persistent volumes (PVs) are no longer in use by removing all local volume resources, uninstalling the operator, deleting remaining PVs, and removing the project.

[WARNING]
====

> Uninstalling the LSO while local storage PVs are still in use is not recommended. While the PVs will remain after the Operator's removal, there might be indeterminate behavior if the Operator is uninstalled and reinstalled without removing the PVs and local storage resources.

Reviewer: I see this is existing text, but _while_ is another word that [ISG doesn't like](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#w): _do not use the term as a synonym for although or though in documentation_.  Maybe _while_  you are in the file....

```suggestion
Uninstalling the LSO while local storage PVs are still in use is not recommended. Although the PVs remain after removing the Operator, there might be indeterminate behavior if the Operator is uninstalled and reinstalled without removing the PVs and local storage resources.
```
